Add Fuel cycle benchmarking (#234)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/examples/fuel_cycle_Meschini/index.md

| $\eta_2$  | Tritium extraction efficiency        | 0.7                                                         | -                     |
| $f_{DIR}$ | Direct internal recycling fraction   | 0.5                                                         | -                     |
| $I_i$     | Tritium inventory in the $i$th component | -                                                       | kg                    |
| $\dot{N}_{T,burn}$ | Tritium burn rate           | 8.99$\times 10^{-7}$                                        | -                     |
| $\lambda$ | Tritium decay rate                   | 1.73$\times 10^{-9}$                                        | s$^{-1}$              |
| $t$       | time                                 | -                                                           | s                     |
| $\tau_i$  | Tritium residence time in the $i$th component |  $\tau_1=4500$, $\tau_2=86400$, $\tau_3=\tau_4=\tau_5=1000$, $\tau_6=3600$, $\tau_7=600$, $\tau_8=585$, $\tau_9=22815$, $\tau_11=100$ | s                     |

## Results

> [fuel_cycle_three_years] shows the temporal evolution during three years of tritium inventory across key systems, including breeding blanket, tritium extraction, vacuum pump, and storage systems. During the simulation, an `accuracy_time` of 100 days is used to reduce computational costs. At times before `accuracy_time`, the simulation uses a period to represent availability factor with time interval shorter than the period. At times after `accuracy_time`, the simulation uses an averaged value instead of a period to increase time interval. In addition, the model is benchmarked by comparing the TMAP8 simulation results with MatLab calculations from [!cite](meschini2023modeling) during the first 20 days. [fuel_cycle_comparison] shows excellent agreement in the temporal evolution of tritium inventory across the four key systems. The close match properly benchmarks our implementation in TMAP8 using MOOSE's [`ScalarKernel`](/syntax/ScalarKernels) system to solve the coupled ODEs describing tritium transfer between systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[fuel_cycle_three_years] shows the temporal evolution during three years of tritium inventory across key systems, including breeding blanket, tritium extraction, vacuum pump, and storage systems. 
During the simulation, an `accuracy_time` of 20 days is used to reduce computational costs. At times before `accuracy_time`, the simulation uses a time step small enough to refine the period of activity and inactivity representing the availability factor. At times after `accuracy_time`, the simulation uses an averaged value of activity over the period. This approximation enables increasing the time interval while maintaining reasonable accuracy (the cyclic behavior observed at times before `accuracy_time` disappears, but the average value remains correct). 
In addition, the model is benchmarked by comparing the the TMAP8 simulation results with MatLab calculations from [!cite](meschini2023modeling) during the first 20 days. [fuel_cycle_comparison] shows excellent agreement in the temporal evolution of tritium inventory across the four key systems. The close match properly benchmarks our implementation in TMAP8 using MOOSE's [`ScalarKernel`](/syntax/ScalarKernels) system to solve the coupled ODEs describing tritium transfer between systems.
```

TBE = \eta_f f_b
\end{equation}

> Compared to the [previous fuel cycle model](examples/fuel_cycle_Abdou/index.md), this model from [!cite](meschini2023modeling) includes both direct internal recycling in the Vacuum Pump and Fuel Clean-up systems. This direct internal recycling introduces an additional shortcut between the storage system and exhaust gas, reducing the tritium inventory in the fuel cycle. In addition, Tritium Permeation System can separate tritium from gas mixture extracted from Breeding Blanket, enhancing the tritium recycling process. Except for these component updates, this model uses $TBE$ to represent the production of fueling efficiency and burn fraction as described in [!cite](Abdou2021). The definition of $TBE$ is more suitable for explaining the fueling process in a fusion reaction under equilibrium conditions.

Author: I just want to mention Meschini use a new parameter TBE to describe the fueling process instead of fueling efficiency and burn fraction from Abdou. TBE is the production of fueling efficiency and burn fraction. I update these sentence with following to make it clear.

"Apart for these component updates, [!cite](meschini2023modeling) uses $TBE$, representing the production of fueling efficiency and burn fraction from [!cite](Abdou2021), to explain the fueling process in a fusion reaction under equilibrium conditions. More details about the definition and impact of $TBE$ can be found in [!cite](meschini2023modeling)."
